readme: add details for first time template users (#4)
open-education-hub/oer-template: README.md

Lecture content is expected to be presented and followed.
Practice content is expected to be used hands-on individually or as part of team.

## Publishing workflow

> Before building the repository you have to setup the following items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building the repository you have to set up the following items:
```

* select the GitHub Pages branch by following the [Configuring a publishing source for your GitHub Pages site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site) tutorial; you will have to set up the `gh-pages` branch as the publishing branch;
* add a publishing key named `ACCESS_TOKEN` by following the [Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication) tutorial.

In order to publish the content of this repository, we use a GitHub workflow located in the `.github/workflows/deployment.yml`.
This workflow will build the site using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) and publish the contents to a link similar to `<github_username>.github.io`.

## Your first TODOs

> In order to make this repo your own, for the class that you intend to develop content for you must make the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure this repo for the class for which you intend to develop content, you must make the following changes:
```

* change the repository name to match your class name, the default is `oer-template`
* in `config.yaml`:
  * change `title` to you class name;
  * change `url` to `<github_usename>.github.io`;
  * change `baseurl` to `/` if the repository is the only one with a GitHub page in your profile, otherwise, change it to `<repository_name>`;
  * change links to social media sites, if applicable;

## Running locally

When testing locally, you will have to build the container that will run the builder based on the `Dockerfile` defined in the repository root as follows:

```

> docker build --no-cache -f ./Dockerfile --tag oer-template/docusaurus:latest .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build --no-cache -f ./Dockerfile --tag <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest .
```

```

In order to run the builder which will create the repository locally, you will have to run the newly built container:

```

> docker run -it -v $PWD/:/content -v $PWD/../output:/output oer-template/docusaurus:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -it -v $PWD/:/content -v $PWD/../output:/output <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest
```

```

> Finally, when wanting to view the content locally you will have to start a container by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to view the content locally, you will have to start a container by running the following command:
```
You forgot to add the command itself.

Author: It was on my TODO list to add it

Reviewer: > on my TODO list

:heart:

> The website will be available by accessing the `http://localhost:3000` address.

Reviewer: Maybe also add instructions on how to change this port? I imagine some people might already have some service running on port 3000 and then the builder would crash.

Author: I will add it in the next commit.

* add a publishing key named `ACCESS_TOKEN` by following the [Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication) tutorial.

In order to publish the content of this repository, we use a GitHub workflow located in the `.github/workflows/deployment.yml`.
This workflow will build the site using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) and publish the contents to a link similar to `<github_username>.github.io`.

## Your first TODOs

To configure this repo for the class for which you intend to develop content, you must make the following changes:

* change the repository name to match your class name, the default is `oer-template`
* in `config.yaml`:
  * change `title` to you class name;
  * change `url` to `<github_usename>.github.io`;
  * change `baseurl` to `/` if the repository is the only one with a GitHub page in your profile, otherwise, change it to `<repository_name>`;

>   * change links to social media sites, if applicable;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * change links to social media sites, if applicable.
```
to match the list above

## Running locally

When testing locally, you will have to build the container that will run the builder based on the `Dockerfile` defined in the repository root as follows:

```
docker build --no-cache -f ./Dockerfile --tag <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest .
```

In order to run the builder which will create the repository locally, you will have to run the newly built container:

```
docker run -it -v $PWD/:/content -v $PWD/../output:/output <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest
```

Finally, to view the content locally, you will have to start a container by running the following command in the `output` directory

```
python3 -m http.server
```

> The website will be available by accessing the `http://localhost:8000` address. To change the defualt port you will add this a parameter to the above command as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The website will be available by accessing the `http://localhost:8000` address.
To change the defualt port you will add this a parameter to the above command as follows.
```

```
python3 -m http.server 8888
```

This command will open the web server on port `8888`.

> Make sure that you run command in the `output directory`.

Reviewer 2: Just making sure: is it called like that? No underscore, no dash?

Reviewer 2: Or probably it should be:

```suggestion
Make sure that you run command in the `output` directory.
```

Lecture content is expected to be presented and followed.
Practice content is expected to be used hands-on individually or as part of team.

> ## Publishing workflow

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Publishing Workflow
```

Before building the repository you have to set up the following items:

> * select the GitHub Pages branch by following the [Configuring a publishing source for your GitHub Pages site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site) tutorial; you will have to set up the `gh-pages` branch as the publishing branch;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Select the GitHub Pages branch by following the [Configuring a publishing source for your GitHub Pages site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site) tutorial.
   You will have to set up the `gh-pages` branch as the publishing branch.
```

> * add a publishing key named `ACCESS_TOKEN` by following the [Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication) tutorial.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Add a publishing key named `ACCESS_TOKEN` by following the [Automatic token authentication](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication) tutorial.
```

> In order to publish the content of this repository, we use a GitHub workflow located in the `.github/workflows/deployment.yml`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to publish the content of this repository, we use a GitHub workflow located in `.github/workflows/deployment.yml`.
```

This workflow will build the site using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) and publish the contents to a link similar to `<github_username>.github.io`.

## Your first TODOs

To configure this repo for the class for which you intend to develop content, you must make the following changes:

> * change the repository name to match your class name, the default is `oer-template`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Change the repository name to match your class name (the default name is `oer-template`).
```

> * in `config.yaml`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* In `config.yaml`:
```

>   * change `title` to you class name;
>   * change `url` to `<github_usename>.github.io`;
>   * change `baseurl` to `/` if the repository is the only one with a GitHub page in your profile, otherwise, change it to `<repository_name>`;
>   * change links to social media sites, if applicable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Change `title` to you class name.
  * Change `url` to `<github_usename>.github.io`.
  * Change `baseurl` to `/` if the repository is the only one with a GitHub page in your profile.
     Otherwise, change it to `<repository_name>`.
  * Change links to social media sites, if applicable.
```

> ## Running locally

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Running Locally
```

When testing locally, you will have to build the container that will run the builder based on the `Dockerfile` defined in the repository root as follows:

```
docker build --no-cache -f ./Dockerfile --tag <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest .
```

In order to run the builder which will create the repository locally, you will have to run the newly built container:

```
docker run -it -v $PWD/:/content -v $PWD/../output:/output <your-repo-name>/docusaurus:latest
```

> Finally, to view the content locally, you will have to start a container by running the following command in the `output` directory

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Finally, to view the content locally, you will have to start a container by running the following command in the `output/` directory:
```

```
python3 -m http.server
```

The website will be available by accessing the `http://localhost:8000` address.
To change the defualt port you will add this a parameter to the above command as follows.

```
python3 -m http.server 8888
```

This command will open the web server on port `8888`.

> Make sure that you run command in the `output` directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make sure that you run command in the `output/` directory.
```
